How can you guarantee that he will not betray you?
Mr. Deputy, is there anything you want to see me about?
Do you know who I am?
Mr. Vice said sorry directly
Don't beat around the bush
I want to know.
Estranged from what really happened 3 years ago
Why is he now?
They're not paying for my mental illness.
3 years ago was too long
My memory's not that good.
As for the illness
Excuse me.
We can't divulge anyone.
If Mr. Fo has nothing else to do
Please close yourself
cut
I thought Dr. Sang would be nice to talk to
When it seems necessary
Still need some necessary means
This is evidence that you changed your patient's medication list at will
Three things.
I never do anything I'm not sure about
So you'd better pay for it.
Tell me everything you know.
otherwise
If this evidence is handed over to the dean, I am afraid
But how resplendent
Seems like I've seen it somewhere before
Lucifer